= FiveRuns Dash recipe for Sinatra

Provides a Ruby API to push metrics from a Sinatra app to the FiveRuns Dash service, http://dash.fiveruns.com, currently in beta.

You'll need a Dash account before using this library.

== Installation

This library is released as a gem from the official repository at http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-sinatra

  sudo gem install fiveruns-dash-sinatra --source 'http://gems.github.com'

== Usage

First you'll need a token for your Sinatra application. Create a new Ruby app in Dash and then copy the token. Now, in your configure block, start up Dash:

  Fiveruns::Dash::Sinatra.start('some_dash_token')
  
Fire up your Sinatra app; you should see it send some environmental information to Dash. Periodically, a background thread will upload your metrics to Dash.

== Caveats

Sinatra adds a route for serving static files from your +public+ folder. If you run Dash in development, these requests will color your requests and response time statistics. If you are using Nginx or Apache to public in your production app, your metrics will be fine.

== Authors

The FiveRuns Development Team & Dash community

== Dependencies

* The fiveruns-dash-ruby gem (see http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-ruby)
* The json gem (as a dependency for fiveruns-dash-ruby)

== Sinatra versions

Dash has been tested with Sinatra 0.9.0. It may work with later versions, but almost certainly doesn't work with earlier versions (0.3.x).

== Contributing

As an open source project, we welcome community contributions!

The best way to contribute is by sending pull requests via GitHub.  The official repository for this project is:

  http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-sinatra

== Support

Please join the dash-users Google group, http://groups.google.com/group/dash-users

You can also contact us via Twitter, Campfire, or email; see the main help page, http://dash.fiveruns.com/help, for details.

== License

  # (The FiveRuns License)
  #
  # Copyright (c) 2006-2009 FiveRuns Corporation
  # 
  # Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  # a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  # 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  # without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  # distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  # permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  # the following conditions:
  # 
  # The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  # included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  # 
  # THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  # EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  # MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  # IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
  # CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
  # TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
  # SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
